[Music]
you know it's kind of hard to surprise
anyone these days unless you have some
random weird facts up your sleeve like
what people used before toilet paper was
invented hint it grew in the garden and
what if you don't have sleeves where do
you hide those facts then behind your
ear up your nose while you ponder your
options here comes some cookie tidbits
you probably didn't know there we go
chances are you've never eaten real with
sabe in your life you likely got regular
horseradish instead authentic wasabi is
incredibly expensive for most
restaurants it's not profitable to buy
the real deal
you can order spaghetti at McDonald's in
the Philippines it's called guess what
max spaghetti the pasta is served with
ground beef tomato sauce and grated
cheese now if you're on horseback though
don't expect to get a burger in the
drive-through the fast-food chain
doesn't allow it those delicious animals
at the grocery store aren't as fresh as
they look some apples are stored in the
refrigerator for nine to twelve months
before being sold now you can't hold
your nose and Hum at the same time we
exhale through our nose when we hum when
the nose is clamped the air is blocked
try it people getting their picture
taken during Victorian times said prunes
instead of cheese
apparently shaping them out this way
gave them a nobler look plus it could
take fifteen to thirty minutes just to
take one photo
imagine having to smile for that long we
take as many photos every two minutes
now as we're taken during the whole 19th
century the world's largest waterfall is
underwater this is the Denmark Strait
cataract where cold denser water from
the Nordic seas flows under warm water
from the imager see along the way it
falls 11,500 feet over an underwater
Ridge that's more than three times the
height of the tallest waterfall on land
dark and light look way more contrasted
on the moon on our planet air diffuses
sunlight so objects remain a little
illuminated in the shadows there is no
air on the moon so shadows are blacker
but when there's light it shines on the
moon much stronger because of its
reflective dust
let's talk fruit bananas Kiwis and
watermelons are berries strawberries are
not by definition a berry is a type of
plant fruit that contains a lot of seeds
and has a juicy pulp growing from the
flower strawberries don't fit these
criteria
technically the seeds on their surface
are nuts that's nuts
the iconic countdown you associate with
rocket and missile launches was actually
borrowed
French film director Fritz Lang came up
with it in his 1929 sci-fi movie woman
in the moon this countdown scene
inspired NASA queen elizabeth ii owns
more than 160 cows yep it's the royal
herd these animals are so pampered that
they sleep on water beds to feel maximum
comfort there's a boiling vessel system
for heating food in making hot tea
installed in every British tank can go
without teatime no matter where you are
the hair from one human head can support
the weight of a cruise ship anchor about
12 tons scientists have discovered
people with a gene that helps their
armpits from stinking hooray their sweat
doesn't have the chemicals bacteria feed
on to produce pungent body odor
Australia drifts about two and a half
inches north each year because of
tectonic plate movements gee maybe a few
million years or so and they'll be down
Upper Australia is also wider than the
moon check the numbers the land down
under
haha is almost 2500 miles across and the
moon a little over 2100 if you ever get
sad in space your tears won't roll down
your cheeks in weightlessness all the
tears gather in one big drop on your
face and float away
back on earth scientists from the
University of California found men with
broad faces don't produce trust in
people around them so others behaved
more selfishly with them
YouTube was originally planned to become
a dating site the details weren't set it
just be something with dating and
uploading videos the red youtube icon is
all that's left of this idea so with
this channel be called the love side no
intensive physical activity helps you
remember new information better but only
if you do it on a schedule for example
you study for an hour and then do 40
minutes of exercise for hours later the
ideal activity for this is cycling who's
a good boy
research has shown most dogs respond
more positively to this praise than to
food a we all crave appreciation
researchers from Germany and France have
identified mutations in three genes that
can cause the uncommon ball hair
syndrome now if you have that let me
know down in the comments there are more
than 200 drivers in Britain that are at
least 100 years old but as statistics
show they don't drive any worse than
young folk you'll spend one year and
three months of your life deciding what
to watch on TV if you don't watch the
old school tube then you probably spend
that time picking a youtube video to
watch people used to use corn cobs
instead of toilet paper some continue to
prefer it even after modern style
commercial toilet paper was invented in
1857 still the corn cobs are much
happier these days rainbows are a
frequent occurrence a double rainbow not
so much a rainbow with a beginning and
end even less but the rarest rainbow is
a moonbow it shows up at night thanks to
moon life trees don't improve the air
quality on city streets on the contrary
they can make it worse this is because
leaves and branches slow down air flow
causing pollutants like exhaust fumes to
get stuck on the trees and settle there
half of the Earth's oxygen is produced
in the ocean by a single self photo
plankton plant the other half is thanks
to trees shrubs and grasses if you could
travel at the speed of life 670 billion
miles per hour you could go around the
earth seven and a half times in one
second but why would you now the Sun is
so far away from our planet that it
takes that super speedy light eight and
a half minutes to reach us so if the Sun
burned out yeah we wouldn't know it
right away the Rubik's Cube creator Erno
Rubik took one month to solve the cube
after he created it the world record is
now three point four seven seconds so
their Bluetooth technology is named
after Harald Bluetooth Bronson who
United Denmark in Norway apparently he
had a rotten Bluetooth visible in his
smile not sure if I really needed to
know that there's such a thing as a
professional wealth psychologist these
experts help their super-rich clients
deal with their problems like feeling
guilty for being so wealthy and having
such a heavy burden ah archaeologists
found three thousand-year-old pots of
honey in an ancient Egyptian tomb this
is the oldest sample in the world and
it's still perfectly edible apparently
honey just doesn't go bad there are more
unique combinations in chess than atoms
in the universe if you get in your car
and drive up to the sky at 60 miles an
hour it will take just one hour to get
to space expect six months if you're
going to the moon oh and if you have
such a car we'd love to see it
sunglasses were invented in China but
for a different purpose
- hi judges facial expressions in court
if you donate blood in Sweden you'll get
an SMS notification if your blood is
being used a single lightning strike can
toast 100,000 slices of bread let's try
it
in 1992 a cargo ship lost a crate with
more than 28,000 rubber duckies in the
North Pacific these toys still appear on
coasts around the world even over in the
Atlantic the largest desert in the world
is located in Antarctica a desert isn't
just a hot place with sand it's an area
where any form of precipitation fall
very rarely and a desert doesn't care
about precipitation it just has to be
yummy the bleeding tooth fungus not to
be confused with blue tooth looks like
it has drops of blood all over it but
don't be alarmed it's simply the
funguses inner thick red fluid losing
through its pores it's inedible of
course not that you were considering
grabbing a fork before the alarm clock
was invented people woke up to the crow
of a rooster or the ringing of a city
tower but there were also special people
responsible for knocking on windows to
wake others up they were called knocker
uppers and I have a smart-aleck remark
about this which sadly I can't use the
atmospheric pressure on Jupiter and
Saturn is so high that it rains diamonds
during thunderstorms is quite possible
there are more stars in the universe
than grains of sand on all the beaches
on earth eating a lot of carrots won't
make your vision better that's a myth
but it can turn your skin orange
watching paint dry
is a profession you sit in a chair in
front of a freshly painted wall and well
you get it your job is to track how the
paint texture changes where it cracks
and give a detailed report based on your
thrilling observations Cleopatra live
closer to the release of the first
iPhone then to the building of the Great
Pyramids it's true the structure of
human DNA matches that of a banana by
60% and we both hang out in bunches
pineapples have a digestive enzyme so
when you eat a pineapple it tries to eat
you too but your stomach comes out the
winner and that match hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share with a friend and here
are some other videos I think you'll
enjoy just click to the left or right
and remember stay on the bright side of
life